we asked a few familiar faces for their
reactions to Sunday show it's hugely
disappointing obviously for felicity and
she danced beautifully I mean it's it's
sad every week when somebody goes
because you know such a great group and
it's awful it's awful well for me it's
extra sad because myself and Vincent
joined strictly at the same time in
series 4 so he's like my little brother
and we've been through a lot together
and it's iidc upset when I see him sad
well it's always a disappointment when
somebody leaves you know and it's just
one of those things
the trouble is of course as lesser
dancers get dropped off though the
standard gets higher than I am and it it
all becomes very jittery we weren't sure
whether you can dance right was it last
minute well I just don't want to
disappoint Cara you know let her down
because she's fine so you know just take
some painkillers and do the job I'm
feeling pretty freeing pain at the
moment because it just get stiff and
like but I'll be okay for next week so
thank God with her yes it was um insane
to see Patsy in the bottom two I thought
we were gonna be in the bottom two but
um it's it sucks it's horrible you know
the results I we don't like it nobody
likes to see anybody go and Felicity is
so lovely and amazing and it's it's hard
you know we bond all of us so much
throughout the series and to see people
go it's just heartbreaking Harry is your
right-hand man I crave your reactions
it's a nice boat off ha unbelievable
just be still in a comple I can't be the
people of openness amazes amazing
feeling it was a great time in Blackpool
so and we've all had a great time the
judges know and of course it does
everybody on when you've got 1,200 you
know adoring fans of the show screaming
for their favors which is great you know
and I'm booing to protect them I suppose